so what is going on guys welcome back
and relax as the latest news wire
edition of course they have announced a
bunch more things coming within up the
house dog date more specifically a bonus
round as well as bonus payouts that will
net you a crazy amount of cash within a
GTA 5 online as well as a few more highs
gameplay screenshots that I'm also going
to be showing you guys within this video
so as always guys if you do go into
enjoyed this video or do you find it
helpful be sure to let me know by
leaving a like down below your support
is always greatly appreciate on the
channel and definitely do show me that
you are supporting these type of videos
so with that being said jumping straight
into this now once again rockstar did
release a brand new news while today
efrain was showing off how to set up
heist and things like that and alongside
that either released a bunch of the
gameplay screenshots now towards the
bottom of the news while they did
actually announce the bonus round as
well as the challenges that you can also
complete so for the bonus round it
pretty much states for the financially
ambitious there are a few ways to
increase your income from the heist in a
major way first off each has its own
elite challenge which upon completion we
would a substantial cash bonus and these
can be completed multiple times but be
warned then no cakewalk so bear in mind
goes this is money to go on top of the
original pair that you're going to be
getting for the host mission so as you
will know when the house leader is in
the heist apartment you know on the
Planning Board kind of saying how much
each player gets for the heist mission
this is bonus money to go on top of that
which is just absolutely awesome now
yesterday I did make a video on the
criminal mastermind challenge which was
a 10 million dollar prize that you can
receive for completing all heist in
order with the same group without losing
one single life of course on hard mode
which is an absolutely crazy crazy task
to actually complete now as it turns out
that alongside that criminal mastermind
challenge is a few more challenges that
you can compete to an yourself up to 12
million dollars for completing these
challenges throughout the highest dog
days so I'm going to go ahead and read
out these challenges right now and it
pretty much States on top of that there
are special highest completion bonuses
that can only be achieved once per
person but will add some serious zeros
to your bank balance they are pretty
much as follows you have the first time
challenge complain each house final for
the first time when that you a bonus
cash reward all in order challenge
complete all house in order including
setups to receive a 1 million dollar
cash bonus the loyalty challenge come
all hice including salps with the same
team of players to receive an additional
1 million dollar bonus and for the
criminal mastermind challenge of course
complete all highs in order with the
same group of players without losing any
lives on hard mode to receive a massive
10 million dollar bonus so you know
order that combined is 12 million
dollars plus it's actually gonna be more
than 12 million dollars if you did a
bonus round and all these countries
together you're going to get probably
around 13 to 14 million extra cash on
top of that so this is an absolutely
insane amount of money of course this is
going to be pretty difficult to pull off
especially that criminal mastermind
challenge that is honestly kind of be
one of the hardest things to do in GTA 5
I mean I think all five ice in total is
going to be like over eight hours of
gameplay or eight to ten hours at least
of gameplay and to not die at all with
the same group of players and throughout
the whole time period is going to be
ridiculous and of course you don't have
to you know continuously pay for eight
to ten hours of course you can take
breaks in return and then finish off the
heist mission or something like that you
don't have to continuously pay to do
this but it's still going to be very
very difficult to do and teamwork with
your teammates or friends is going to be
the most important things so that pretty
much wraps it up for the awards and the
bonus rounds and all the challenges that
are coming within host of day I thought
I'd go ahead today and kind of compile
it all into one video for you guys as
always if you did enjoy what they find
helpful be sure to leave a like down
below ghoshal support is always greatly
appreciated on the channel also i may
have another video out for you guys
later today roughly around two to three
hours after this video goes up if i can
get that made in time so that being said
hope you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and i'll catch you later with a brand
new video
you